Implement override for interpolation (#6)
Gandi/counterpart: README.md

As seen above, the `count` option can be used both for pluralization and interpolation.

### Interpolation overriding

> Sometimes it can be useful to tranform a translation before or after interpolation variables being applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes it can be useful to transform a translation before or after interpolation variables get applied.
```

To do so, configure your translator:

```js

> const prev = translate.setInterpolateFn(function(entry, options) => {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const prev = translate.setInterpolateFn((entry, options) => {
```
